---
title:      Newsletter - Week 38, 2024
categories: news
excerpt:    Weekly newsletter
---

Heya! I'm Tei Juan, bringing the latest updates about Heavensbake's projects and team.

## Not so Little Litter
A short film announced at the beginning of 2024 about the pregnancy of Nyia, a yellow kitty.

Many issues regarding the pre-models leaded to broken scenes. For that reason, we decided to start the production over: Fix the models, redo the animations from scratch and delegate steps to new artists.

That means the project's finish date we predicted will be extended further, or kept as indeterminate. While it may sound as a bad news, in counterpart the quality and expected audience for this work increased significantly, and despite myself being concentrated on another projects, NSLL's production remains ongoing and over my direction.

## Melissa Preggo Drive
Stage 4's production is near the end, bringing an even more dynamic and vivid animation thanks to some big improvements done in Mel's rig mechanics.

## Site updates
A news feed were implemented, allowing everyone to watch our updates regardless having an email subscription. You'll also notice a few layout changes done for enhancing the user's experience.

## Activies on X (Twitter)
We're slowly returning to disclose our content on X (former Twitter) after [the brazilian supreme court](https://www.nytimes.com/2024/08/30/world/americas/brazil-elon-musk-x-blocked.html) ordered its temporary block in Brazil, where our HQ is currently located.

Reminding that we're still active here and on Youtube, always bringing new content for our audience.

## First Year of Heavensbake Studios
Even though the studio's official foundation date is uncertain, I decided to count from the release date of [Robin Hood's short film](https://heavensbake.com/film/robin-marian-intimity) - Oct 28, 2023. Many things have happened since then, and I'm really happy to celebrate it with all of you who supports and appreciate our works. So goes another year of much tum.. meant, fun, and learning! ;D


